Add a global value to set all apps namespace (#269)
giantswarm/security-bundle: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Add a `global.namespace` values for automatically setting all apps namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a `global.namespace` value for automatically setting all app namespaces.
```
